[Grunts]
Ooh.
[Telephone rings]
Standing by for sitch, Wade.
Um, cat up a tree
really doesn't seem
like a battlesuit mission.
You haven't seen the cat.
[Gasps]
We're gonna need a bigger boat
ooh! Sassy
is so frightened!
By any chance
is sassy a cougar?
Ooh, heavens, no.
She's a puma.
Oh, that's completely different.
No, it's not!
Oh, well.
Nothing says battlesuit mission
like a puma on the edge.
Nice kitty.
Nice sassy!
[Growls]
Hey, I said nice!
Woman: Sassy!
[Growls]
Sassy, whoa!
Ooh, sassy doesn't
like men so much.
No, no! I'm, like,
barely a man!
See, there was this mix-up
at my bar mitzvah and...
Kim!
Force field!
Fierce!
Stop teasing my sassy!
Hmmph. Let's
go home, girl.
Um, yeah, gotta ask.
Why a pet puma?
Because the grizzly didn't
get along with the gator!
[Kimmunicator beeps]
It was a big cat, Wade.
I told you
it was a battlesuit job.
It's all good. Everything
seems to be working.
Aah!
More or less.
♪ I'm your basic average girl ♪
♪ and I'm here
to save the world ♪
♪ you can't stop me
'cause I'm Kim Possible ♪
♪ there is nothing I can't do ♪
♪ when danger crosses you
♪ know that I am on my way
♪ know that I am on my way ♪
♪ it doesn't matter where
or when there's trouble ♪
♪ if you just call my name
♪ call me, beep me
if you wanna reach me ♪
♪ when you wanna page me,
it's ok ♪
♪ whenever you need me, baby ♪
♪ call me, beep me
if you wanna reach me ♪
♪ call me, beep me ♪
♪ if you wanna reach me ♪
♪ doesn't matter where,
doesn't matter when ♪
♪ I will be there for you
till the very end ♪
♪ danger or trouble,
I'm there on the double ♪
♪ you know
that you always can call ♪
♪ Kim Possible
♪ call me, beep me
if you wanna reach me ♪
Dementor, German accent:
I cannot eat!
I cannot sleep!
And think about that
self-healing, spring-stepping
with-the-hand-thing
battlesuit
and the sad fact that it is
in that schoolgirl's closet
instead of my closet! Ach!
Myron, you are in
my comfort zone. Step back!
Further! Giant step.
You know what?
Make it 2 giant steps
and a series of baby steps.
You are golden, myron!
Stay there!
When do you start
showing me the ropes
like you swore
to Hildegard you would?
Myron, just because
you married my sister
does not mean
you have what it takes
to be a Dementor henchman!
But if you keep
making me go away, BIL...
Bill? Who is Bill?
You are, brother-in-law.
B-I-L, see?
I can call you Bil,
and you can call me Bil.
Wouldn't that be fun, Bil?
Go away, Myron.
Wait! What if
[Sighs] I could get you
that self-stepping,
spring-hand battlesuit?
It is a self-healing,
spring-stepping suit!
And what makes you
think you can get it?
If I fail, I go back
to the strudel-works!
This calls for a plan, Bil.
Now, that strange boy
she is improbably dating
is the key.
Strange boy. Got it.
You have a name?
I do not know...
The sidekick.
Once I have him, I will exchange
him for the battlesuit!
No, no photo,
but you cannot miss him!
You see a guy with Kim Possible
who looks like he should
not be with Kim Possible,
that is him!
[Panting]
Came as fast
as I could, K.P.
What's the emergency?
[Chattering]
Cousin Larry's birthday!
That's an emergency?
He has one every year.
Yeah, mm-hmm,
but every year
I don't get the job of
keeping him out of the house
so his surprise party
can be a surprise.
Oh, oh! And you're
hoping I'll tag along
and talk geek with him
so you're off the hook.
Not exactly how I was going
to put it, but, yeah.
Yeah, sorry, K.P. no can do.
I have to watch Hannah.
I mean, that's way more
important than having fun.
See? You think spending
time with Larry is fun.
But I have
responsibilities now, Kim.
I've put childish things
behind me.
Hey! [Laughs] I forgot
I stuck that in my pocket.
How 'bout if I baby-sit
and you Larry-sit?
Look, K.P., I know you and Larry
don't exactly share the same...
Interests, but you know what?
He's just as confused by
your cuddle-buddy collection
as you are by his hobbies.
I guess.
How does Larry know
I, um, might have mentioned
something to him.
You know, we chat now and then.
[Slurps]
See, the thing is,
in the graphic novel,
dark megaton's powers
are biomechanical,
but in the movie,
they're electromechanical.
Uh, right. Do you ever
read any real books, Larry?
Uh, I don't read novels.
I read novelizations.
Oh, here we are.
Do we have to?
Uh, need I remind you,
cousin, it's my birthday.
Who doesn't look like he
belongs with Kim Possible.
Ahem. I request
sanctuary for myself
and this maiden
in your dungeon.
All: Enter, dragon tamer!
Standard greeting.
We are welcomed.
Oh. Wonderful.
Um, check it out, Larry.
The fearless ferret
finally comes
seen it. Total rip-off of
issue 162 of the green llama.
Hmm. As per usual,
you're right.
I'm kinda like
the Alpha dog here.
Besides, issue 162 of Green
Llama was pretty weak overall.
Where are you
coming from, Charlotte?
That was a landmark issue.
Hey, Larry, we're
starting. You in?
Most definitely.
Oh, hi, Kim, but here I'm known
of course you are. Uh,
what is this game anyway?
Doesn't matter. Larry's mastered
all the role-playing games.
He's a galactic outer,
a dungeon magus,
a dragon tamer, a
level-5 pacion warrior.
Scenario 3 copacetic
with everyone?
Scenario 3. Outstanding!
Scenario 5 is more challenging.
Don't start with me, Charlotte.
Kim: I think I'll just go get
a smoothie or something.
Larry: Yeah, sure.
Real world! Real world!
Whew! Good. That was close.
You know what? Cousin!
Uh, hi.
Righteous costumes.
Larry!
Aaah!
What's the sitch?
[Laughs]
Isn't that
what you say? Sitch?
Larry, find some place safe.
This is awesome!
My cousin's engaged in combat.
Uh, it's more like the zombie
mayhem expansion pack.
You don't know
anything, Charlotte!
Well, that was kinda
like kick fight, 3-d.
Should we maybe not be here?
Are you for real?
It's just getting good!
Charlotte:
The dungeon magus!
Cousin!
Aren't you coming?
You bet I am!
Get rid of the mean girl!
Oh! Sorry.
Didn't mean to do that.
[Grunts] Sorry!
[Growls]
Duh... Kimmy-cup. Whoa!
This party is not
ready to get started.
Well, something
sort of happened,
and, um, Larry's
kind of... Missing.
You lost Larry?
I only left him for a
few minutes, aunt June.
You left Larry alone?
How could you leave
my little Larry alone?
Um, Larry is 19.
You can leave
19-year-olds alone.
Larry isn't like
other 19-year-olds!
Yeah, tell me about it.
Who is this uber-nerd?
Kim Possible's sidekick.
Uh, hello?
I am a dragon tamer
and level-5
tiakon warrior.
I haven't been a level-1
sidekick since third grade.
Myron, you disappoint me!
But you said... I... I
mean... wh-wh-what the...
well, just look at him!
He fits the description!
This place is so convincing.
What is he talking about?
[Laughs] The detail
is ridiculous!
This is the best birthday ever!
I can't believe Kim
went to all this trouble
after acting like she didn't
even want to be seen with me!
You are speaking in nonsense!
This troubles me.
That Kim! She pretends not
to know anything about rpgs,
and then she hooks all this up!
RPG?
Role-playing game.
So I'm told.
This is no game, freaky boy!
Right. [Laughs]
And your game name is...
Nein. Listen! I am
Professor Dementor!
Ja. Of course.
You know of me?
Oh, no.
It's the helmet.
It's standard
super-villain wear
in this kind
of a role play. Ha ha.
I mean, what kind of a rube
do you take me for?
The outfit is kind of a cliché.
The stuffing of
the strudel, myron!
[Laser shooting]
Far out!
He's even more annoying
than the sidekick!
Kim:
Dementor has Larry!
What? When?
Where? How?
Ron! Wait, why? Ok, go ahead.
Well, I can't go anywhere
until my parents get back.
Can I? Can I go?
No, I can't.
No, mom specifically
said no missions
and to go easy on
the strained peas.
More like recon. We check
Dementor's known lairs.
By then, your parents
should be home.
We drop off han, then
go back and rescue Larry.
Uh, I don't know.
We can stop for ice cream.
Both: Yay! Ha ha ha!
Just to recap,
I still do not
have the self-healing,
spring-stepping suit!
But I do have Larry.
Kim's battlesuit?
Way cool!
Go on, hostage, speak.
What are you talking about? The
sense you are making is not!
If you want the battlesuit,
just go for it.
Direct line of attack.
And how do you suggest
we do that, Larry?
We do not even
know where it is!
Duh. There's
a secret panel
in the back of her closet
right behind
the strategories game.
Somebody untie him
and get him a refreshment.
Boy, you're not
very good at this.
This is a pretty boss
lair and everything,
but I wish Kim had
gotten a better villain.
Did your girl cousin mention
as part of the game,
you get to lead a mission?
Nope. No spoilers.
She did not want you to know
that she would
be playing the part
of the girl whose
closet we break into.
Yes. With
your working props
and my insider knowledge,
we'll be unstoppable!
Kim Possible
doesn't stand a chance!
[Laughs]
[All laugh]
That's gonna need some work.
[Slurps]
Anybody home? Hello?
Yeah, you know,
that sounds real empty.
Echo!
Hannah: Echo. Echo!
Dead end, Wade.
What's next?
I only pushed one button!
[Giggles]
Uh, don't touch
anything else, ok?
Computer: Self-destruct
sequence initiated.
Maybe we should wait for
your parents to take han.
It wasn't me!
Right. I suppose
it was the baby.
[Baby talk]
Hey, it's Larry!
All: Larry!
Oh. Hey, guys.
And Charlotte.
Uh, did you forget
the dragon tamer greeting?
Can't.
I'm in a scenario.
All: Ooh!
Cool costume, Larry.
Like the quantum
probability squad.
Uh, more like the alternate
timeline version
of team unusual.
Don't start, Charlotte!
Yes. We are in a hurry
to commit illegal acts.
It is an RPG scenario.
All: Whoa.
That short kid was a weirdo.
Ron's mom: Thanks for
helping Ron watch Hannah.
I hope she wasn't
too much trouble.
Oh, no. No
trouble at all.
Explosion! Did you take
your sister on a mission?
Just a... uh, what
was that word, Kim?
Yeah, we took her
on one of those.
Perfectly safe!
Not like a mission.
Except for the lasers.
There were lasers?
[Giggles]
Hello?
Anyone home?
I'll bet
it was a cover surprise
in case I had discovered
the true surprise
of this role-play party.
Ja. That is exactly it.
Look! Cookies!
Oh!
You don't have to do that.
I already know
where she keeps it.
You try to stop them.
Touché.
It's keyed to Kim's handprint.
So far, I am
less than impressed
with your scenario 11!
I did not even get any cookies.
Larry: That
was just part one...
identify the target.
I am running
out of the patience!
Yeah, if you're not
going to play to win,
why play it at all?
Very well.
Bring in
the E.L.B.D.!
Ooh! Ooh!
Yes, myron.
Larry and Dementor: Extremely
large blaster device.
How did you know that?
A little unorthodox
to bring into scenario 11,
but I guess it's ok
this time.
The E.L.B.D. Is
a very complicated...
you said I could
lead the mission.
Everybody heard you say it.
Fine! Go work
the E.L.B.D.
Everyone else, take cover!
[Larry giggles]
[Explosion]
You think he's ok?
Do I care?
What happened?
The suit's not there.
Ach.
More disappointment.
That you do not know how to
use the E.L.B.D. Properly!
Follow me!
See? Told you.
Now what do we do?
Well, scenario 13-a...
nein! No more
with the scenarios.
We comb this miserable suburb
until the Kim Possible
I am finding
and I take the suit from her!
Oh-ho! This is
the best birthday ever!
[Giggles maniacally]
Wade:
You're already there.
Dementor and his henchmen
have been spotted in Middleton.
Really?
Maybe Dementor is over
Larry's geek-speak.
[Woman gasps] There she is.
Oh, no.
They found me!
Worse. Aunt June
and my dad.
Instead of just
standing around,
you could make yourself useful.
What?
Outstanding dungeon magus gear!
Aunt June, this
really isn't necessary.
And just how do you propose
we find my lost Larry?
I'll find Larry
when I find Dementor.
[Laughing evilly]
Not if I find you first!
Do you mind?
This is a private conversation.
Uh, Kimmy-cup.
No worries, dad.
I'm on it.
[Kung-fu yell]
Ow! Pulled
something... wha!
Oh! You're the guy who's
with Kim Possible,
but doesn't look
like he belongs
what's that supposed to mean?
Whoa! Ow!
Oh! What is
happening here?
Oh, uh, super-villains,
henchmen, kung fu.
Teen stuff, you know.
Larry: Give up,
Kim Possible!
Larry?
Wow!
That's perfect
for the scenario.
K.P.!
Bring them all
back to the lair!
I give the orders here!
On the other hand, uh,
that is a pretty good one.
What he said!
On the bright side, we finally
found the right lair.
What's up with Larry?
It's like he's enjoying this.
Mind control, maybe?
What is all this?
It's scenario 11, that's what.
Honey, I have no idea
what that means.
Ja! It means
that at last
I will acquire
Kim Possible's battlesuit!
Yeah.
Something like that.
I'm still not following.
Well, we've got a villain,
henchmen, and a trap.
Kim Possible! Tell me
where it is, then perhaps,
perhaps, I can let all
these people go in freedom.
Ja. It is
a very clear statement
of demand and consequence.
Please. Surrender
or be destroyed!
Listen. I will admit
you have been helpful
with your scenarios,
but this situation
calls for a certain amount of
experience and expertise!
Scenarios? Kim, I think
I know what's going on.
Larry thinks all of this
is a role-playing game.
No way. I think even Larry
can tell the difference
between real life and a game.
Uh, dragon tamer. Hello?
Yo, lare! We lookin'
at scenario 19 here?
Precisely.
Whoa!
So, show your true colors
at last! I commend you
on an exceptionally
clever ruse!
What ruse?
Scenario 19 is like
the whole point
of the adventure!
Kim and Dementor: What are you
doing with that battlesuit?
Larry and Ron:
Scenario 19!
Is this over yet?
I really need to lie down.
Aah!
Oof!
Isn't that your battlesuit?
Kim: Yeah, uh-huh.
How did Larry know
where it was, Ron?
Oh, I might've
mentioned something
to him when he was
looking for board games.
The end is now, geekling!
Aah!
Sounds good to me!
Larry's mom:
So, are these other boys
coming to the party,
too? [Giggles]
I'm not sure I made
enough tuna sandwiches.
Ooh! Tuna salad's
my favorite!
Strudel-works, myron.
Strudel-works!
Ma, don't you get it?
This was the party!
Kim threw me the most
awesomest party ever!
I think it's better if you did.
Gotcha.
Kimberly Ann.
I owe you an apology.
I've never seen
my Larry so happy!
[Laughs] Hey,
maybe you should plan
all Larry's birthdays
from now on!
If we can figure out how
to get back to Middleton.
Speaking of apologies,
I guess I sort of
owe you one, too.
What do you mean?
All this comic book,
Sci-Fi gamer stuff,
but, hey, it's your thing.
Have at it.
Thanks, cousin, but I
prefer science fiction.
Uh, Sci-Fi
is belittling.
Ok. So, what is
scenario 19 anyway?
A good guy infiltrates
a bad guy's operation...
But then pulls
a dramatic double-cross
at the last possible moment!
Yeah. Y-you know what's cooler?
Real life.
Well, you know,
real life does have girls.
Actor: Look out, Brent!
Don't start, Larry.
[Grunts]
I'm telling you, getting
the floors refinished
was money well spent.
They look fabulous!
Had the place repainted
while we were at it.
I mean, you know, in for
a penny, in for a pound.
Dementor won't be using
the timeshare for a while.
Ooh! What happened?
Busted by Kim Possible?
No. Busted by her sidekick,
what's his name?
No.
The naked molerat?
"Cousin Larry."
Hmm. Never heard of him.